In the world of football the position of tight end has always been seen as kind of a minor piece in the chess match. That is an NFL game is not really receivers. They aren't really lineman, but they're more of a hybrid of both essentially and sometimes because of this role they have less of a spot like any other key cogs in the machine after me tight ends of always one of my favorite positions in football and I think part of the reason is that real specifically being that they're the biggest skill position player a guy that's able to make an impact on pure size alone in both the blocking and receiving elements of the game, but he's generation. There are few players that are athletically gifted enough to rise above their position or role of someone who either blocks or false Fordham short-yardage catch. These guys were the ones who carved their names in history as tight end Legends and once they get that Spotlight we find out there's a lot more personalities players than just being human walls. There's something for everybody really presents for middle schoolers. There's Gronk 69 touchdowns, you know what I mean?
And if that's not your style, I mean who doesn't love themselves some Shannon Sharpe tequila at any rate. My point is tight ends are just as entertaining as any of the other skill position, even if they don't get all the obj max deals and glamour sometimes and that brings me to today's video a player whose unique combination of size speed and personality. Give him all the tools to be the NFL's next great tight end assuming you read the title of the video. You already know that guy is George Kittle tight end for the San Francisco 49ers.
Now what intrigues me most about kiddo is the fact that he was really pretty overlooked as an offensive weapon for most of his playing career and up until playing Kyle Shanahan's offense. He was never a start any level which led me to wonder why I got this skilled it been so unnoticed for so long. So how did he get into the NFL and into a position. Very quickly shatter the record for most receiving yards by tight end in a single season surpassing every other man to ever play that position. Well, here's the story.
From the time that he was a little kid George Kittle is no stranger to the underdog mentality. He was raised in the heart of flyover country in Iowa and attended three different high schools in he was growing up planting hammock Norman High in Oklahoma for his senior season all of this movement along with his primary position being wide receiver in a crowded class of them. Let him to be barely recruited it all listed at 199th and its position in the US by 24/7 Sports. In fact kill. It only received one D1 offer from Air Force when he received a call at the last minute on national Signing Day.
It's a beautiful well-earned victory for the Hawkeyes program the University of Iowa. Where's father Bruce? It played offensive line many years before in fact, it was a school where George had a lot of family history including his cousin Henry krieger-coble who would be attending at the same time as him at any rate kill was thrilled to get the opportunity to play for their football team. So they asked him to make the switch from wide receiver too tight end. It was a very easy to say and we'll try later to be the right one. So he started training hard putting on weight and beginning to develop the blocking skills. He need to be a tight end in a very run-heavy big ten offense despite the challenges of switching positions. He didn't complain and quickly gained the respect of his teammates in Iowa in his off time. He was a dude stood die from eating Panda Express and watching Game of Thrones and WWE. You can ask his roommates 611 Point including his college quarterback. CJ beathard a guy that he would later be catching passes from on an NFL team.
But I'm getting a little ahead of myself here. You see I was still didn't consider George Kittle to be a receiver. He was blocker first, which is exactly what his coaches needed from him, but he didn't have a huge role in the passing game even still he maximizes opportunities to be a difference-maker on offense during his Junior season total step into an even bigger role to become a central piece of the offense of game and in six starts during the store at 12 and 2 Season. The Hawkeyes hat kid who led the team with 6 TD receptions though. They only came on 20 catches throughout the entire year George Kittle stock was starting to rise and though he was still considered to be more of a pure blocking tight end by NFL Scouts. He would finish his career diable with something only eighteen other Collegiate. I tend to receive an invite to the NFL combine. Now, this is a unique opportunity for Kindle as it was the first time in his career. Would he be able to Showcase his athleticism as an individual and he had a secret weapon. I got a Rihanna playlist made for the combines when I was warming up. That's all I was asked to is Rihanna.
Yeah, so maybe blasting Rihanna seems like a bit of an unconventional choice for NFL athlete but with the way that they will perform at the combine. I might start adding some random my playlist because in comparison to your expectations were he showed out placing top 6 in vertical jump broad jump and even shocking people with a faster 40 time than Miami's highly-touted David njoku, but even with a stock Rising no one is ever considered what an impact the team is selected George Kittle would have on his abilities to thrive as an offensive weapon in the 2017 NFL draft San Francisco 49ers pick good friends of CJ Bradford George Kittle tight end from Iowa George Kittle was selected in the fifth round by the San Francisco 49ers tight-end off the board. Needless to say, he was still being overlooked to Oz before his college teammate. CJ beathard was selected by the same team making a process of transitioning into the big leagues a little bit easier on the both.
Can a wasted no time putting work in training camp that offseason to quickly carve himself a role into Kyle Shanahan's creative and young offense earning the starting role going into his rookie season, but even though George Kittle was prepared to take the next step in contributing to winning franchise the 49ers seem to have somewhat of a different plan.
 San Francisco was the laughingstock of the NFL starting completely winless through the first nine games. And even though a lot of these games were very close the Niners playoff hopes and Shanahan's first year were very quickly demolished. But then at the trade deadline of his arm move would give a little bit of Hopi orientation. Jimmy Garoppolo goes from the Patriots backup and now the 49ers in exchange for a 2018 second-round just like that miraculously the dark wizard himself Bill Belichick had given the 49ers their quarterback of the future in the form of Jimmy Garoppolo and with a new Star Quarterback leading the way the offense finally started rolling again, winning six out of their last seven games and there was finally some hope in the Bay Area
 George Kittle was finally on a serviceable offense and you would take a step as a receiver to finish the season with 43 catches for 515 yards and two touchdowns in San Francisco. It was now about the future the spark the Jimmy he provided made the Niners into a legitimate playoff Contender and just like that the organization started making moves to make a run of the very next year needless to say it was a busy offseason first order business re-sign the man himself to a massive contract drafted tackle to protect your franchise QB draft a new weapon at wideout and cap it off by signing an emerging star running back to a Mega Man. All the pieces were falling into place to create a high-powered Shanahan offense with kill as a primary receiving Target one would hope to mimic the success of the Falcons a few years prior who flew all the way to the Superbowl, but just as the Falcons found out the hard way the football Gods giveth and he taketh away.
 Less than a mere three weeks into the season of the 49ers had lost both their starting running back and their star QB. It seemed like the fate of the Niners season was lost again this time without a Jimmy G Miracle to provide hope for the future but this time around kidal wasn't going to let his performance be dictated by circumstances with the help of some of Shanahan schemes to get him out of the open field candle utilizes generational shiftiness for a player his size and exploded onto the scene of the play of two different backup quarterbacks. Not to mention. He was the only constant threat in the revolving door. That was the Niners receiving Corps. So you better believe the defense is repeating regardless kill took off on record Pace with massive performances of 125 yards 98 yards is 108 yards all with a touchdown in each even led the league in yards after catch among all receivers and we haven't even mentioned coming out party December 8th versus the Broncos 205 yards against the NFL defense.
 All of the tape speak for itself is kilowatt open.
 Can I get the territory?
 text
 yards in the craziest thing was all of these yards all 205 when the first half you have a singular catch after halftime and because of that he fell just five yards short of Shannon Sharpe's all-time receiving record for single-game continued on the people of America starting to take notice of San Francisco's newest Star and got to see a little bit more of what he's like when he isn't Fortune linebackers. For instance. How did he celebrate his first Pro Bowl not I mean with Chinese food in Netflix is any other American Wood or there? Was that one time when he had to dip out of a post game presser a little bit early because he was about to be late for a WWE event that he had tickets to and remember all of this stuff is going on while he's embarrassing NFL defenses at an unprecedented rate and his body of work so far hasn't proven to you that he's up next. He had one more show-stopping performance in the final game of the regular season on the cusp of breaking the all-time record for receiving yards in a season by the tight end position.
 Kittle did what he does best.
 Jennifer George Jones
 and with that play George Kittle with cap off a massive second season by placing a record into the NFL history books. So that's the story so far. And here we are get again with the player bringing hope for the 49er faithful to believe it just like a certain guy did the year before now if there's one thing that we've learned it's at the football Gods make sure that nothing is certain. But if I had to make a bet on the direction George kills career is headed I'd say there's a lot more records and Panda Express to be destroyed in the next few years by the leaves newest Superstar.
