Sorry about that. I know where your friend to do about 20 things at once and some of them are the reason I'm here. So I have an idea for a project. I just said I probably just want somebody like of your files of God giving a lecture or something like that and I can just like feed it into a really so you want to try to extract content.
The most important thing is that we've learned from it. So you're not too worried about me getting in recently cracked the speech-to-text BPH eu-level research. I remember when do the shops up like the first module obviously, it's his kind of converting audio to text using like an API that is like yesterday. So the next step is hilarious. You have no idea how many decades and decades away. Like I want to like be able to take notes like if this is like whatever you have some texture lakebreeze paragraph like if I was like summarize it and like to work like couple of like a sentence.
Sharks, just say whatever in the 1940s were a hectic time or something like that. And then for Eastlake sentence in that paragraph just like a little one textbook or something and I want to take notes on that. So this is kind of just any text meaning like a news article. I guess. Well if there's a difference between
Not yet.
 Various do precisely what you get based on what it thinks it understand. Yeah, so this is actually going to be so then from there like we just kind of like the idea is like you want to first get the the header down which is like can we like summarize like a paragraph? And then once you do that you kind of go in more in detail because I can use some rest so, you know, they have fewer keywords.
 Important it is to the Watson uses a combination of a production roles as well as two of them together allow it to be able to make the production rule contract.
 You have an inference engine in the background around ears all the facts and the rules are hanging out and staring at the facts.
 you get all that. And then you can have
 backward chaining looks at your left hand side to fix the left hand side. That's a lot harder because you're right. The Robos wild wild time.
 So I guess the good news is that we don't really have to worry about that cost.
 As much help as Watson analysis capability of so once you get the key words, then it's becomes difficult because I used to be like the most important words in that fill, you know, how it appeared in the sentence, but he wouldn't give you a key words and identify them look up at weather nouns verbs adjectives and what have you know how you're doing.
 But how you make sense. That would be an interesting keywords and even if they're all now it's like you need to use like articles.
 But UT Hearts, like make an outline that without using any of the content of the book. I'm writing notes in the margins. I'm not using complete sentences and paragraphs. Are you supposed to see what's the process then you
 beating a generation
 what we have done the same dance. Just what would we do with these few words to turn it in to see if you can identify. If a burn is it? I like it. I guess like the way you think it would make sense like maybe just in case we had like how we construct a sentence for an outlet, but you need to
 Have to identify what process is for what what's a generates from the paragraph about what process do I go through these?
 Is it you look at it or what you go through but identify yourself because I think about it. Did you ever have
 What does interest expense. That would be the next to take this and see what comes out here? And then analyze what people you and others like a ruler takes it like that you can as possible to rain and it was Rodney King.
 Rite Aid on the inside
 Bridgeport Equipment
 price of drink
 looking for something to eat.
 Right away.
 Shakespeare Stacks menu have some analysis on it and statistically for the word end and then
 another word for typically you would like to say after.
 Trina Net Worth
 then you would take more words to understand fraza some point. You would get it.
 the fundamental
 Janet would go through in 2015.
 Got it. Okay, but it would only do it based on statistical analysis personal. Different from the Holy Bible. What does a little beer?
 Let's say I want to I want to I want to know whether or not so I went skydiving.
 Take all the inputs and I'd actually fun one down to an hourglass lights, So I have to be virtually identical if it doesn't come out. Make sure you haven't. You don't need to know in advance. What the
 Set up the company's Network isolated from the outside world and then they let him know Network monitor Network traffic and they said Bolin what comes out red and basically all it is is it supposed to call me back like this exemplify. I don't think like a machine would like to learn if you know different writing.
 Husband and I don't know where it I don't know where it is right now, but I know that that's why you can end up with.
 That you feed that next week.
 Thank you so much. Yeah, yeah.
 What you do?
